Updated index.md (#36845)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/community/contributing/getting_started/index.md

### Getting ready to contribute

To contribute, you will need a GitHub account. If you do not already have one, go ahead and [sign up](https://github.com/signup) for an account before continuing. If you are new to GitHub, we encourage you to take the following free, self-paced courses and reading material offered by GitHub. With this knowledge, you can focus on your contributions and learn a new tool at the same time.

> > NOTE: Do not feel overwhelmed or like you have to read through and complete _all_ of the course work. With the knowledge gained from the "Introduction to GitHub" course, you will be well on your way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Do not feel overwhelmed or like you have to read through and complete _all_ of the course work. With the knowledge gained from the "Introduction to GitHub" course, you will be well on your way.
```

### Getting ready to contribute

> To contribute, you will need a GitHub account. If you do not already have one, go ahead and [sign up](https://github.com/signup) for an account before continuing. If you are new to GitHub, we encourage you to take the following free, self-paced courses and reading material offered by GitHub. With this knowledge, you can focus on your contributions and learn a new tool at the same time.

Reviewer: I think this is what the original means:

```suggestion
To contribute, you will need a GitHub account. If you do not already have one, go ahead and [sign up](https://github.com/signup) for an account before continuing. If you are new to GitHub, we encourage you to take the following free, self-paced courses and reading material offered by GitHub. With this knowledge, you can focus on your contributions without the burden of learning a new tool at the same time.
```

Author: yeah, that make more sense.
